beauty guys today I'm going to teach you guys
how to know wilderness
everything starts you know where to
find the series of your ps3
She always won the set.
my daughter here white ac
[Music]
There is another step and you have to know
What are the last two numbers?
from the serial to know region
I'll show you it 's 00
Paulo back in 2001 united states
australia new zealand 03 united kingdom e
ireland 04 europe middle east and africa
the 05 south korea 01 07 08 09 11
Mexico and Brazil
How is this two-channel system?
last
mine is one thousand had one last two
groups using a then my opinion
American is for you should know is
another leaf still of the rem there seeing law
and the region is is north america
south america and east asia have opened
europe middle east to cna and guiana
and so teaches russia mongolia
belarus and ukraine central subcontinent
Indian is the greatest care we are
because there is much for you to live and
they can run away a girl can
fake and you can buy scene o
Your wrong then it's a tip for you
know that the area does not stay all over
thank you guys